docs: DOC-2060: Cluster Templates (#8323)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/cluster-templates/cluster-templates.md

Cluster templates can be managed using [Terraform](../automation/terraform/terraform.md),
[Crossplane](../automation/crossplane/crossplane.md), the [Palette Go SDK](../automation/palette-sdk/palette-sdk.md),
and [APIs](/api/introduction).

![Diagram of cluster template architecture](/cluster-templates_diagram.webp)

## Cluster Profile Behavior

Cluster templates link to [cluster profiles](../profiles/cluster-profiles/cluster-profiles.md), which remain the
foundation of deploying clusters in Palette. Each cluster template must link to one
[full](../profiles/cluster-profiles/create-cluster-profiles/create-full-profile.md) or
[infrastructure profile](../profiles/cluster-profiles/create-cluster-profiles/create-infrastructure-profile.md) and one
[maintenance policy](./create-cluster-template-policies/maintenance-policy.md). You can reference as many
[add-on profiles](../profiles/cluster-profiles/create-cluster-profiles/create-addon-profile/create-addon-profile.md) as
desired. Only one policy of each type can be linked per cluster template (for example, one maintenance policy per
template).

> Once a cluster profile is linked to a cluster template, that version of the cluster profile becomes immutable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once a cluster profile version is linked to a cluster template, that version of the cluster profile becomes immutable.
```

This should be emphasized a few lines above, that you link a cluster profile VERSION and not the entire cluster profile.

Reviewer 2: I've clarified this above now: https://github.com/spectrocloud/librarium/pull/8323/files#r2440111708

![Linked cluster profile version locked](/cluster-templates_locked-cluster-profile.webp)

To make changes to a linked cluster profile, you must
[create a new version](../profiles/cluster-profiles/modify-cluster-profiles/version-cluster-profile.md) of the cluster
profile and update the version referenced in the cluster template. This ensures that all clusters using the cluster
template have identical software stacks, preventing configuration drift that can naturally occur with inline, on-the-fly
updates, or by using varied cluster profile versions. Each cluster can be attached to only one cluster template at a
time, further guarding against drift.

A cluster profile version cannot be linked to a cluster template if that profile version is already being used by a
cluster that is not attached to a cluster template.

### Cluster Profile Variables

Since cluster profile versions are immutable once linked to a cluster template,
[cluster profile variables](../profiles/cluster-profiles/create-cluster-profiles/define-profile-variables/define-profile-variables.md)

> remain the recommended way to configure environment-specific values per cluster, such as IPs, resource limits, and more.

Reviewer: "remain" feels a bit negative no? Feels like "we (spectro) broke something, but here's a workaround"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
are the best way to configure environment-specific values per cluster, such as IPs, resource limits, and more.
```
